hey guys what is going on it is roll
tide 1915 and hopefully i get this video
right this time this is like the third
time I've done this video the first time
I live commentary County got deleted so
this is just a redo of a commentary and
something happened with the last video I
had already done and ready to render and
it just messed up the whole video and I
had to stop it and redo it the anyways
guys I was doing the campus hero
collection this is actually a really
good way to make coins 40,000 for coins
and I got most of these cards opening
the packs and the pat tillman collection
but a lot of times if you want to how to
make some coins and stuff you need some
pretty good friends that will help you
out like Ron help me out to get the
other three cards they should so you can
check out his YouTube channel he also
completed the campus here collection if
you guys won't you could check out his
channel at X run 915 it'll be in the
description below and anyways he gave me
I think Russell Wilson Bryce Brown which
bra smell is actually go for a good bit
so thank you for that and he gave me
Andrew like those in the three I didn't
have but I had the rest of them and greg
mcelroy he's from Alabama as you know
I'm Alabama fan he actually helped the
Jets win through the game-winning
touchdown I didn't really watch it or
anything but I just kind of heard about
it I'm just bragging on him a little bit
anyways um he's he's absolutely terrible
by the way and anyways in my next video
guys if you stay tuned for my next video
and stuff like that they actually didn't
redo him I giveaway video that I had put
in a head-to-head match because I
realized that I probably should have cut
that up into two videos but I didn't so
I'm going to be redoing it and you guys
can leave your comments in that video
don't leave your comments below for the
giveaway with your PSN and stuff like
that I don't want them in this video
it'll be in the next video so you guys
can just leave that in the next video
and since I messed up I'm gonna be
adding the card into that video that I'm
going to be doing it's going to be a 19
on one star so stay tuned to figure out
what 19 on one star i will be giving
away and someone coming in my Pat
Tillman video saying I was i
disrespecting him or so that was a
disrespecting you know I was just saying
his cards not that good like I know he's
dead and stuff like that but his car
really wasn't all that good he yelled me
had by 80 speed you childhood in a
safety with 80 speed
at safety and he's going to get burned
every time by like Jerry Ross my junior
ice is like 98 speed is going to get
burned which I don't want to disrespect
him but it is what it is and anyways
guys i hope you like this video of i
might open up my key card uh is actually
the worst player in the game and Ron's
favorite player of all time I'm just
kidding me right up here it goes what's
it gonna be three two one and it is
Michael Griffin from the Titans he's
absolutely terrible in real life and in
the game but uh guys I hope you liked my
video and until the next video just like
subscribe and comment thanks guys for
watching